large plot owned by owner, sublet out subplots for people

chest limit, start at 1, allow people to pay extra

This will require adding in the concept of rent. If rent is not paid, the plot is frozen, user can't access anything but it's not freed.

Chest limit could be a 1 time fee, or added on to rent. Chests would be protected (otherwise having them paid for doesn't make sense).

Rent can be automatic or manually withdrawn (up to owner).

Add concept of height limits, top and bottom (probably done with y1,y2, -1 for "off", since y can never get < 0)

add permission to plots "boarder", who is basically a resident but can set permissions of their own (up to boarder) and will get charged whatever rent is due. If multiple boarders, rent will be split between them.

Rent can be set to "each" or "total", "inherit". If total, it's split, as above. If "each", then each boarder pays that amount (this allows creation of hotels).

If inherit, then the plot inherits the rent settings from its parent. This allows for hotels that have individual subplot rooms.

Rent schedule would be "daily","weekly","monthly". all at beginning of whatever it is, so 12 midnight, sunday, 1st of month.

Can do this with bukkit scheduler

vote rewards can be set/changed/removed via command

chat upgrades.
I'm thinking needs a better way to detect if player is online, and if they are online, allow others to /tell to them (which will require writing a new whisper plugin). This necessitates the need for player-specific messages to be passed to the chat command.

Update webchat UI to be able to send commands.

Recipe to craft saddles. Leather + diamonds? Emeralds?

plot prevent fire spreading (this sorta happens, but needs to work properly)
teleport mount

Finish Director plugin!
/arena create
/arena join
/arena start
/arena accept <- remembers their coordinates

/arena leave <- teleports back to original coords
/arena finish
or victory/loss conditions
/warp arena will go to viewing area, players can fly, but not drop below a certain area.

auto-spawns
every few seconds:
1) Plugin checks where players are and computes how much difficulty they should be facing
player_score = 10
x player
if 5 players, they should have 50 zombies around them in a 30x30 block area
if < then that number, then spawn up to 3 zombies at random spawners nearby

name
x1,y1,z1
x2,y2,z2

set up trade signs to not take damaged armor or items

Make sure all item names are <= 15 chars (since that's max that trade signs do on one line)

custom /help command that is actually helpful.

update ban plugin to use server's ban for perm-bans.
If the plugin goes down, I'm not too upset if temp-ban people come back on, but perm-ban people need to stay off.

web graph showing how many players were on at what time.
Advance the graph to show times where server staff was online, so you can match that up with peak hours.

Can also show people on webchat/staff on webchat.

Create a cron daemon that records cpu usage and memory usage of the server.
Update metrics plugin so that it stores the version numbers of all plugins every reload.
This would allow tracking what plugin updates caused spikes in server usage.

Update the edit commands to be able to use/copy the data byte.
Update edit commands to copy/use the durability (to allow for colored wool, blocks, etc)

Add the magic plugin (for alchemy command) back into the game.

Update warp plugin so that people re-warp when they take damage

Reset volocity when teleporting to home, warps, etc.

minigames: blockcraft (HiveMC.eu)
there is player interest in mob arena, MobArena plugin